Now, let's very briefly discuss React architecture, although from overall system architecture perspective,
there isn't much interesting going on in the reactor architecture, it doesn't affect the overall architecture
of our system, but because we are discussing reactor, so we will discuss one particular aspect of
the architecture, which may be interesting to us.
So as we discuss that in the act, we write JavaScript code and that code is redundant, Jess explains.
So in GSX files, we write two things.
One is the logic of how the UI is going to behave, and the other thing that we write is how the page
will be displayed.
So here we write HTML tags in those HD image tags.
We embed G6 components or react components, and these react components they are converted into.
They are written informal GSX index, which is very similar to HTML.
At run time when the act is running, it takes these GSX file, which has got JavaScript code and GSX
caught it transforms that into pure JavaScript code.
So out of GSX file, we get pure jazz files, which basically is our application, which is run by LAOAG
Library first and then the reactor runs.
It will create a virtual dom and that's what turned.
Dom will be used for creating the Dom browser system for creating the page that the browser is showing.
So behind every HDMI --, there is a document object model in HDMI dom, so that is what a browser
creates using the virtual Dom created by the Regius Library.
Now any event that happens on the browser Dom, so let's say user clicks a button and that click means
that the React application should download some data from the backend and then show the page again with
that data.
Then what will happen is these events will be provided to the religious library.
It will take it out that it will have to make a beck and call.
It will do that.
It was big that data and it will look at what it needs to do with that data.
With the help of JavaScript code that does that and it will update the DOM, which was created earlier.
So let it are two nodes in this dom needs to be changed so it will make changes to those two dom nodes.
The next thing that happens is is synchronization between what your Dom and browser Dom.
So react is what it does is it compares the browser Dom with the virtual Dom, and it takes only those
changes, which are actually which are signaling a difference between what sort of Dom and browser Dom.
So those changes are a blight on the browser, Dom.
So this will trigger a refresh of the pitch of only those nodes where there was actually a change.
What this does is that we do not end up changing those nodes on the browser, Dom, which hasn't undergone
any change at all.
Here we can spot the difference between what was there earlier, what is supposed to be now and why
exactly the React framework exactly figures out what needs to be changed.
So this is an efficient way of changing browser Dom because it ending exercise can be extremely expensive,
so this brings some efficiency to that process.
So this is briefly react architecture.